hey folks gaming that greenhorn
gardening you know how to plant a
regular you know regular is kind of an
herb is kind of an eating green it works
for its good for salads and a good
friend who loves you rather have arugula
and sandwiches because I have it has a
nice peppery bite to it the flavor to it
he loves it for his luncheon sandwiches
and lunch meat and ham sandwiches and
turkey sandwiches things like that and I
I've tried it as well and I actually
think it's superior sandwich green then
lettuce great thing it's easy to plan
it's easy to grow and it grows and it
sprouts a lot faster so we're going to
plant the arugula exactly the same way
we did with the lettuces and here we
have some cilantro here it's not doing
very well because of the SuperCrew
incredibly miserable frost that we've
had here in Alabama that we're not used
to got down to 15 a few weeks ago
ultimately killed our cilantro so we're
going to pull the cilantro out the plant
isn't actually dead as you can see the
roots are very much alive but it's very
much weakened and so I'm not going to
even fool with trying to keep it i'm
just going to take it out there that the
roots draw it will put it back in here
and let it all die out or whatever but
I'm question is how do you plant the
arugula so we're going to peel off the
surface here in our buckets gonna get
our greenhorn gardening you know
fertilizer here that we mix up like you
say go to greenhorn gardening com fort /
claim to show you exactly how I make
this I'm just putting some of this in
not have a soil test button this is the
zero line version of this I'm just going
to take that and sort of work it in oh
yeah here we go there's the other yard
staple then homemade yard staple take
that work that in just kind of like so
it's about all that's a very nice you
can see you got a nice soil we're
working with it's a combination of some
topsoil that I had
and some vermiculite and stuff we have
over there works pretty well for these
little buckets but anyway so you take it
like that put a little bit at in there
that's plenty believe it or not you know
another thing I plan on working on in
2014 is a self fertilizing bucket so
that we have a completely closed system
so because right now the rain will wash
some of your nutrient away but we can
make a self fertilizing system that'd be
even better in that dream of a self
fertilizing garden is something I've
been working on for several years now
but anyway you take your seeds rocket
arugula put it down here like so say I'm
going to plant these scattered plant
them just like a dead day lettuces and
we're going to plan a whole bunch of
them seeing some ants down in there we
can thin them out as needed so it's just
kind of a microgreen sort of thing I use
these for the salads and there we go all
right then let me go over here and get
some some soil I bareback this potting
soil this is basically sand peat moss
and there's some worm castings in it and
just several years worth of just turning
in various amounts of gardening waste
and just like we did with the lettuce
just Pat it and gently again I'm not
going to water it in simply because this
soil retains almost always a good bit of
moisture I've never really had these
really totally dry on me especially this
time of the year but and that's
basically if that's planting arugula and
and that's how that's going to go just
let that sit there for a couple days and
totally die on out and then we'll just
put it back on there and turn it in or
put it back over as a as a kind of thing
or it may just bear it over here
whatever so these are the says evening
star winter arugula and so
the Regal attends to sprout quickly and
it boats quickly but when you can get
them the great thing is because they
boat quickly if you look at the save
seed hey you just let them boat and get
the seeds but what I'm doing primarily
here is to get some eating greens
between the salad here you know leaf
lettuces in here and then the arugula in
here that'll be a nice little sort of
salad garden right here and but but
anyway so if you're you know thinking
about you know planning that spring time
gardening you're wanting to know more
tips more tricks more ways that I really
do this check out the the springtime
growers course that i have over on the
website and i'll put a link to it down
in the notes or check out the raised bed
grower razorback growing mastery course
has two methods of have two different
methods of growing with raised beds on
there and that i talked about a detail
and just check that out down there in
the link and see if you figure i found
which one is best for you and especially
for those of you is really meant for
people who are just kind of getting
started into this and don't really know
where to start with doing things
organically and and and whatnot so check
that out and i will talk to you guys
later okay